hey guys i'm going to talk about sonic
lost world again because a whole bunch
of new footage was just at least 43 so
first are going to talk about the
handheld version and the console version
a lot of people seem to be getting the
two confused with each other um as for
the handheld version I think it looks
okay I is neat to see dimps venture out
of their comfort zone to make like a
fully 3d game at least in some stages
the first stage well from what I can see
the gameplay just looks really really
sluggish I think that I'm definitely
going to prefer the console version just
because it looks like it's easier to
move around us on them or not but it
looks okay I do think it's neat that you
can apparently use the element shields
in 3d in this game it looks like the
wisps are going to appear in the console
version and the handheld version is
gonna get the yellow mushy oh so they're
going to kind of make it a different
experience with each version of the game
as for the next stage oh boy I actually
don't like this stage that much at all I
just made a video for the sonic x to
this project talking about platforming
and whatnot on how ya there needs to be
a balance of it with other things it
can't just be who drools and oodles of
platforming or slows you down I mean
honestly this kind of reminds me of a
here's how I put it this is send up a
list light and i think is ok but i don't
i think it's far from great and this
just makes me more sure that i think i'm
gonna give the handheld version a pass
it looks ok i don't want to call it bad
I just think it looks really clunky and
sluggish and cannibal and so let's talk
about the console version ok the console
version from the three stages they've
shown there are some things I really
really really like about it and some
things that kind of bug me I think it
looks good but not great but think again
we've only seen the beginning of the
game and I don't expect the entire game
to play the same and here's why okay
first let's talk about the opening stage
windy hill I think this place looks
pretty cool and now that we've seen the
entire stage and I can say it does look
more satisfying to play than modern
green hill from Sonic Generations this
does look like a better first stage
there's so many paths just clumped
together and like you do it get to you
as a wisp at one point but a you don't
seem to have to
at all like there's so many paths to
take but the wisps presence is pretty
superfluous I would hardly call this
Sonic Colors to like some people were
worried about it being um I like that
they're bringing back a lot of things
from the classic games like the spinning
log with spikes on them and the
crumbling terrain and well I do think
they are actually taking it a little too
far because they're using so many
badniks but I do like the way some of
them are being implemented in 3d like
that snail enemy from launch base I like
how they function here one thing I kind
of wish they didn't include where the
round checkered cannons from oil lotion
just because I never really liked that
gimmick because the area so to give give
up control of the game for like ten
seconds while they show you to the next
to the next to the next and well we
apparently see those here anyway it's a
good first zone it's just got some bits
that I kind of wish weren't there but
whatever i'm pretty sure i'll enjoy
playing it that's for the next couple
stages well okay here's one thing i like
about i like that each stage is
something completely different from the
last one I expected each stage to kind
of play the same so I'll just beyond
these tubes but while I don't think I'm
going to like every single stage I do
appreciate that they're trying to make
them something fresh and it's why I'm
not really passing judgment on the game
in general at this point because I'm
sure they're going to keep doing that
they're going to keep making each
different stage we see you know just
something different something new that's
not going to be like the previous stage
before it's just going to be a game
that's full of surprises in some way I
view these like this stage as the
chemical plant of this game you're just
careening forward and whatnot but it
looks kind of cool i do like seeing
these fleets of all these bendix just
flying around it makes for some cool set
pieces as for the candy level I get it
it's a 2d centric stage we're mainly
just here look at the nice backgrounds
and platforming is okay again just it
doesn't look like a stage that I'm gonna
be nearly as invested in I say windy
hill just because I went fully 3d
gameplay and I want to look for things
but it's okay like I said it at least
each new stay seems to be something
different so you know we can't really
predict what's going
happen next I'm sure we're going to be
surprised again again again by whatever
they show next time how that said I
don't really see what this level and
this level and this will really have to
do with each other i'm pretty sure this
level was just from the forest area and
they accidentally threw it in with it
have whatever anyway okay overall I
think it looks okay I think it looks
pretty good i'm definitely going to get
the wii u version because it just looks
like the gameplay is a lot more tight
and fluid and whatnot and it's just
going to have more content from the
looks of it that's it you know the 3ds
version doesn't look bad so if you don't
want to get a wii u and you happen to
have a handheld you happen to the 3ds go
ahead and get that version again i'm
looking forward to seeing how this game
turns out but that's all I can really
say for now just like I said it looks
good but not great not outstanding that
said for a first try with a new gameplay
style I'll easily prefer this over
something like Sonic Unleashed or secret
rings or whatever so yeah that's all for
now guys toodles